README.md, before:

# Code Quest

## Module 14 Final Project

## Table of Content

-   [Overview](#Overview)
-   [Screenshots](#Screenshots)
-   [Links](#Links)
-   [Our_process](#Our_process)
-   [Built_with](#Built_with)
-   [Authors](#Author)
-   [Credits](#Credits)

## Overview

### Screenshots

### Links

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)(https://github.com/AoifeEdX/code-quest) <br>
[Live link]()

## Our_process

### Built_with

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)

## Authors

John Alzate<br>
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)[]<br>
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)[]<br>

Joe Collar<br>
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)[https://github.com/faithhopeandvanity]<br>
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joefhv/]<br>

Adebayo Dada <br>
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)[https://github.com/AOD4141]<br>
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)[https://www.linkedin.com/in/adebayodada/]<br>

Aofie Dunphy<br>
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)[https://github.com/AoifeEdX]<br>
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)[https://www.linkedin.com/in/aoifenidhonnacha/]<br>

Szilvia Horvath<br>
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)[https://github.com/hszilvi]<br>
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)[https://www.linkedin.com/in/horvathszilvi/]

Olha Pobedynska<br>
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)[https://github.com/23birola]<br>
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)[https://www.linkedin.com/in/olga-pobedynska-a79492220/]<br>

### Credits

<details>
<summary><b>Resources</b></summary>

badges [https://github.com/Ileriayo/markdown-badges]

</details>

Commit message:

add libraries list to readme

README.md, after:

# Code Quest

## Module 14 Final Project

## Table of Content

-   [Overview](#Overview)
-   [Screenshots](#Screenshots)
-   [Links](#Links)
-   [Our_process](#Our_process)
-   [Built_with](#Built_with)
-   [Authors](#Author)
-   [Credits](#Credits)

## Overview
UserStory: CodeQuest is designed to help players learn to code through fun and engaging games. Our mission is to make coding education accessible and enjoyable for everyone, regardless of their experience level.
Whether you're a beginner just starting your coding journey or an experienced developer looking to enhance your skills, CodeQuest offers a wide range of interactive challenges and tutorials to suit your needs. Join us on this exciting quest to master the art of coding!

### Screenshots

### Links
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)(https://github.com/AoifeEdX/code-quest) <br>
[Live link]()

## Our_process

### Built_with
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)

### Libraries
bootstrap[https://www.npmjs.com/package/bootstrap]
react bootstrap[https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-bootstrap]
react-router-dome[https://www.npmjs.com/package/Router]
react-hot-toast[https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-hot-toast]
react-toastify[https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-toastify]
supabase[https://supabase.com/toas]
uuid[https://www.npmjs.com/package/uuid]
@popperjs[https://www.npmjs.com/package/@popperjs/core]
@mui[https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mui/icons-material]
@fontsource
@emotion[https://www.npmjs.com/package/@emotion/react]
typewriter-effect[https://www.npmjs.com/package/typewriter-effect]
state-pool[https://www.npmjs.com/package/state-pool]

## Authors
John Alzate<br>
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)[]<br>
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)[]<br>

Joe Collar<br>
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)[https://github.com/faithhopeandvanity]<br>
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joefhv/]<br>

Adebayo Dada <br>
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)[https://github.com/AOD4141]<br>
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)[https://www.linkedin.com/in/adebayodada/]<br>

Aofie Dunphy<br>
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)[https://github.com/AoifeEdX]<br>
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)[https://www.linkedin.com/in/aoifenidhonnacha/]<br>

Szilvia Horvath<br>
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)[https://github.com/hszilvi]<br>
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)[https://www.linkedin.com/in/horvathszilvi/]

Olha Pobedynska<br>
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)[https://github.com/23birola]<br>
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)[https://www.linkedin.com/in/olga-pobedynska-a79492220/]<br>

### Credits

<details>
<summary><b>Resources</b></summary>

badges [https://github.com/Ileriayo/markdown-badges]

</details>
